the enemy of my enemy is my friend which
is my turbo does that make sense
all right so this video is based upon my
thread and iw sei calm called combating
heat silk and in that thread I try to
improve the I guess the the heat silk
resistance in an EJ 25 engine yeah I saw
that first thing I did was to insulate
this guy right here this is the first
place that air makes contact with before
entering the engine so I'm gonna try to
pop this off already got a temp removed
to show you guys what I've done to this
in order for air to be cooler entering
the engine so I wrapped it with this IDE
I design engineering forget what the I
stand for but Saudi I some kind of heat
shield or sound insulation it's made of
aluminum and there's some kind of a
fiber packing behind it and it's also
adhesive and it forms well to whatever
surface you put it on and in between I
put some high temp silicone sealant in
here so it closes the gaps makes it look
nice kind of looks like a aircraft so
yeah that's that so this actually helps
coming in with air coming in with a cool
surface so I touched it before prior to
this and it's really hot so adding this
keeps the heat here and not on the
plastic and all here is really cool and
then I have this cob SF air box alright
so there's a lot of arguments of which
which intake is better you know because
some guys have AE m intakes and cob I
mean it doesn't matter they both perform
within like maybe a couple of horsepower
difference so I just chose this because
it was the first one to work with cobs
off-the-shelf maps or which now I have a
pro tune so it doesn't matter not sure
if you guys can see but there's a red
filter in there
you think incompetence in a red filter
with their self intake because that's an
AM filter and I also have a separate
thread for that click the link below
well this cob SF air box is based upon
my kite xbox that I made a while back
and Conflict note of it and I guess they
borrowed their my bar by design to make
this air box
my kite xbox is right here I'm not quite
Xbox but the material is here sorry I
got rid of the Box I don't know why but
this is what I use when H we come on
focus man 1/8 inch thick and from Amazon
I later bought quarter-inch-thick but I
never had time to make one but it's a 12
by 24 inch piece and easy bend it with a
heat gun and for misshapen and cut it
with whatever tool will choice the
format but anyway going back to here so
my box was the idea of behind this new
air box for 2015 basically it blocks
here bucks engine heat from entering
this way and also the old SF air box was
a huge hole right here and so Cobb did
that they copied my design and block
this air right here I actually had it I
had this whole panel all the way up here
but called manage to I guess user old
stamping I guess whatever you call it
and just edit this part right here to
this seal but uh as far as a seal
speaking of which I use my own again
Cobb offers their thin one like this but
that wasn't really enough so I use this
big one I split it at the bottom I don't
know if you guys can see that it's split
right there so it'll seal all the way
around you guys can see it it feels much
better than before filter fits in there
really good and yeah there's not much
change in a FRS and whatnot I also added
a PTP turbo blanket the lava version
and then put on a parent heat shield
because I saw one that fits down here
and I gotta clean that thing so that way
the top Mountain cool is not as hot I
mean it does get hot when you're sitting
I mean whenever you're sitting with this
top mount setup anytime you'll you'll
get eat soap I mean this this engine is
known for heat soak like really bad
nothing to is I wrap this silicone hose
with the I brush the shield you know the
stuff they use for starters that's the
one you can cut it to shape and I just
stapled it to seem very go see see the
multiple seams yeah velcro so it's easy
to take off and then this this is
terrible design to this coolant overflow
hoses they just sit right over the
intake how's that so I on top of this I
added some holes here to insulate it
more so that way that doesn't get hot
and it kind of works a little bit I mean
this was this wasn't how to do CB but it
still goes under the hot intake manifold
and then goes to the scorching turbo but
you know this it's little things that
kind of help a little bit you know it
doesn't help much when it's sitting but
once you start getting moving good it'll
get better
and of course you can always change the
intercooler but the stock one is pretty
sufficient up until you know X amount of
horsepower other than that you guys got
any ideas
speaking of ideas I was supposed to add
some kind of active cooling fan to help
cool the filter and MAF housing while
sitting so I'm going to have this part
right here all these holes cut open
there's going to be a duct that goes up
I'm have to make a bottom panel for this
air box it's just sitting open at the
bottom there's going to be a fan there
with a thermostat thermostatic like a
wire going to a fan controller that I
use for my PC and at a certain
temperature in and kick off when Tim's
go down so that's something you'll see
later on well yeah that's it because
like what you see like subscribe comment
whatever see you later
you